docs: community docs for Repository creation and project donation (#816)
asyncapi/community: docs/Create-Repository-as-an-admin.md

The AsyncAPI bot creates a set of `pull requests` for a given repo. You need to `merge` them as a repo's maintainer.

<Remember>
 Manage project automation independently if you don't want to use the AsyncAPI global workflow.
</Remember>
<Remember>
Repos that shouldn't get CI/CD updates must do the following:
Open a `pull request` in the `.github` repo. 
Edit the`global_replicator.yml` in the `.github` repo; add the newly created repo to every `Job` under **repos to ignore**. (Example: `repos_to_ignore: your-repo-name`) 
</Remember>

## Configure repository
All AsyncAPI repositories start with the same settings and restrictions. It is up to maintainers of given repository to modify settings if these disrupt maintenance. 

## Adjust repository options
1. Under your repository name, click the **Settings** tab. 
2. Scroll down to the **Features** section and disable these options:
    - Wikis
    - Projects
    - Discussions
You can always enable **Discussions** as an admin when you want.

3. Ensure the **Sponsorships** option is enabled.

3. Go to the **Merge button** section and _disable_ the following:
    - Allow merge commits
    - Allow rebase merging

> 
> 4. Stay on the **Merge button** section and _enable_ the following: 
> **Allow squash merging** option. This option combines all commits before merging changes into the `master` branch.
> 
> 5. Make sure the **Automatically delete head branches** option is enabled.
> 
> ## SonarCloud scans
> Integrate each AsyncAPI repository with `https://sonarcloud.io/organizations/asyncapi/projects` for automated quality and security scans. 
> 
> Add your project to the list via: `https://sonarcloud.io/projects/create`.
> 
> <Remember>
> Our `CI/CD workflows` fail if your repository has a `main branch` because we currently support only `master branch` in our projects.
> 
> Should you accidentally forget and create a repository with a `main branch`, remember to rename it to `master branch`. 
> </Remember>
>  
> ## Branch protection rules
> Branch protection must be added by whoever creates the repository. 
> 
> Let's walk through the steps:
> 1. Under the **Setting** tab, click `branches`.
> 2. Change the branch name to `master`.
> 3. **Enable** all of the following settings under **Protect matching branch**:
> - `Require a pull request before merging`
> - `Request approvals`
> - `Dismiss stale pull request approvals when new commits are pushed`
> - `Require review from Code Owners`
> - `Restrict who can dismiss pull request reviews` _(admin only)_
> - `Require status check before merging` _(This status check runs Github action workflows before merging pull requests.)_ and select `Lint PR title` and pull request testing related workflows
> - `Require branch to be up to date before merging`
> - `Do not allow bypassing the above settings`
> - `Restrict who can push to matching branches`
> 
> ## Collaborators and teams
> The AsyncAPI Initiative grants admin roles to project maintainers.
> 
> <Remember>
> Don't forget to add the `[bots](https://github.com/orgs/asyncapi/teams/bots)` team as a maintainer to each project.
> </Remember>
> 
> ## Codeowners file
> The Codeowners file contains the code owners' names; this includes both the admins and the `asyncapi-bot-eve`.
> 
> Checkout the following [`Codeowners file` example from the `/website` repository](https://github.com/asyncapi/website/blob/master/CODEOWNERS):
> ```
> # This file provides an overview of code owners in this repository.
> 	 
> # Each line is a file pattern followed by one or more owners.
> # The last matching pattern has the most precedence.
> # For more details, read the following article on GitHub: https://help.github.com/articles/about-codeowners/.
> 	 
> # The default owners are automatically added as reviewers when you open a pull request unless different owners are specified in the file.
> * @fmvilas @derberg @mcturco @akshatnema @magicmatatjahu @asyncapi-bot-eve
> 	 
> # All .md files
> *.md @alequetzalli @asyncapi-bot-eve
> 	 
> README.md @alequetzalli @fmvilas @derberg @mcturco @akshatnema @magicmatatjahu @asyncapi-bot-eve
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are technical steps taken by organization admins while creating a repository for a project.

## Configure repository

All AsyncAPI repositories start with the same settings and restrictions. It is up to maintainers of given repository to modify settings if these disrupt maintenance. 

### Adjust repository options

1. Under your repository name, click the **Settings** tab. 

2. Scroll down to the **Features** section and disable these options:
    - Wikis
    - Projects
    - Discussions

    You can always enable **Discussions** as an admin when you want.

3. Ensure the **Sponsorships** option is enabled.

3. Go to the **Merge button** section and disable the following:
    - Allow merge commits
    - Allow rebase merging

4. Stay on the **Merge button** section and enable the following: 

**Allow squash merging** option. This option combines all commits before merging changes into the `master` branch.

5. Make sure the **Automatically delete head branches** option is enabled.

6. If new repository will use AsyncAPI CI/CD then check in [.github repository documentation](https://github.com/asyncapi/.github) what special repository topics need to be added to the repository.

## SonarCloud scans

Integrate each AsyncAPI repository with `https://sonarcloud.io/organizations/asyncapi/projects` for automated quality and security scans. 

Add project to the list via: `https://sonarcloud.io/projects/create`.

<Remember>
AsyncAPI CI/CD workflows fail if your repository has a `main branch` because we currently support only `master branch` in our projects.

Should you accidentally forget and create a repository with a `main branch`, remember to rename it to `master branch`. 
</Remember>
 
## Branch protection rules

Branch protection must be added by whoever creates the repository:

1. Under the **Setting** tab, click `branches`.
2. Change the branch name to `master`.
3. **Enable** all of the following settings under **Protect matching branch**:
- `Require a pull request before merging`
- `Request approvals`
- `Dismiss stale pull request approvals when new commits are pushed`
- `Require review from Code Owners`
- `Restrict who can dismiss pull request reviews` _(admin only)_
- `Require status check before merging` _(This status check runs Github action workflows before merging pull requests.)_ and select `Lint PR title` and pull request testing related workflows
- `Require branch to be up to date before merging`
- `Do not allow bypassing the above settings`
- `Restrict who can push to matching branches`

## Collaborators and teams

The AsyncAPI Initiative grants admin roles to project maintainers.

<Remember>
Don't forget to add the `[bots](https://github.com/orgs/asyncapi/teams/bots)` team as a maintainer to each project. It is required for automation to work.
</Remember>

## Codeowners file

The Codeowners file contains the code owners' names; this includes both the admins and the `asyncapi-bot-eve`.

Checkout the following [`Codeowners file` example from the `/website` repository](https://github.com/asyncapi/website/blob/master/CODEOWNERS):
```
# This file provides an overview of code owners in this repository.
	 
# Each line is a file pattern followed by one or more owners.
# The last matching pattern has the most precedence.
# For more details, read the following article on GitHub: https://help.github.com/articles/about-codeowners/.
	 
# The default owners are automatically added as reviewers when you open a pull request unless different owners are specified in the file.
* @fmvilas @derberg @mcturco @akshatnema @magicmatatjahu @asyncapi-bot-eve
	 
# All .md files
*.md @alequetzalli @asyncapi-bot-eve
	 
README.md @alequetzalli @fmvilas @derberg @mcturco @akshatnema @magicmatatjahu @asyncapi-bot-eve
```

## GitHub Actions: CI/CD workflow

Here are the steps `@derberg` or `@fmvilas` take when running AsyncAPI CI/CD workflows:
1. Go to `.github` repo.
2. Click `Action` to view all workflows.
3. Select `Global workflow to rule them all`.
4. Click `Run workflow` and paste the name of the new repo. Running the workflow takes all the workflows from the AsyncAPI `.github` repo and runs those on the specified repo.

The AsyncAPI bot creates a `pull requests` for a given repo. You need to merge them as a repo's maintainer.

<Remember>
Repos that shouldn't get CI/CD updates must do the following:
- Open a `pull request` in the `.github` repo. 
- Edit the`global_replicator.yml` in the `.github` repo; add the newly created repo to every job under **repos to ignore**. (Example: `repos_to_ignore: your-repo-name`) 
</Remember>
```
